As in the experimental front, strategies for the integrative analysis of single-cell multi-modal data are inspired from previous work on bulk data \cite{Stuart2019}. Yet, such methods need to account for the statistical properties of single-cell data, including the large amounts of noise, the missing data and the potentially large number of cells.\\

Given the lack of comprehensive integrative approaches, most studies have been focused on doing linear correlations across molecular layers. Reassuringly, this has confirmed the expected regulatory trends for genomic duplications and epigenetic variation
	% Cite GT, scMT, scNMT
	% Cite Cole's review

Some studies have attempted the construction of independent cellular maps for each moleculr layer, before a subsequent integration step.

% we argue that an ideal approach would be to construct single cell maps based on a joint kernel that incorporates all measured -omic layers

Finally, one of the most challenging tasks in the integration of multi-modal data is the mapping of data sets from 	different cells.

A pioneer example is MATCHER \cite{XX}, a method that aligns pseudotime trajectories across experiments to a common latent space. Assuming the existence of shared variation between the different layers, MATCHER can 

a method to align 1D pseudotime trajectories across experiments, named MATCHER, which is tailored to the alignment of different data types. MATCHER assumes a common, underlying, developmental trajectory that similarly impacts both modalities and projects cells from different experiments onto a common 1D pseudotime space. This projection allows the identification of equiv- alent cells between multiple experiments without requir- ing prior knowledge of feature correspondence between the modalities. Welch et al.99 applied MATCHER to inte- grate scRNA-seq data with single-cell methylome and transcriptome (scM&T-seq) data46,99 to study transcrip- tome and DNA methylation dynamics during human induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) reprogramming. This revealed that DNA methylation changes often lag behind changes in gene expression99.
attempts 

(TO-FINISH...)

% Multimodal techniques:
% - (Copied) joint dimensionality reduction on multiple omics data sets to identify conserved or divergent patterns and can be read- ily extended to single-cell multimodal data. 
% - Correlations
% - MATCHER
% - COUPLED MATRIX FACTORISATION

% elch et al.89 developed an integra- tive non-negative matrix factorization (iNMF) method, named LIGER, that is capable of integrating data across modalities. They applied LIGER to classify cortical cells profiled by single-cell bisulfite sequencing16 using a scRNA-seq data set100 generated from the same tissue89. Welch et al.89 assumed a negative correlation between gene-body methylation and gene expression to integrate the different data modalities, thus allowing the cells to be jointly clustered


